# AI LanguageTutor
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/Ayes0XOCINM>
#### Description: LanguageTutor is a web application where users can interact with ChatGPT via open ended conversations. The implementation of ChatGPT is designed to drive the conversation leveraging different sets of German vocabulary depending on the difficulty level, formality of speech and situation.

The app leverages the djano framework. There are 5 major apps within the program. You start your jounrey on the welcome_page app offering you to either register or log-in. Next you should access the registration app. Here you can register for the application, which is verified via e-mail through the django built-in e-mail verification process. Once verified, you can log into the application. If you have forgotten your password, you can retrieve it, via another e-mail verificaiton process. Once you are logged in, you access the heart of this web application: You can define your conversational AI on three seperate settings: 1.Difficulty 2.Scenario 3.Persona. The difficulty setting is based of the European classification of language proficiency. Depending on your selection the conversational agent receives an official German vocabulary list that it is only allowed to use when conversing on a specific level. A1 for example has a maximum of 1k words. Scenario right now is only limited to open chat, but can be extended to specififc settings in the future. Persona regulates the formality level of the conversational AI. Same as for the difficulty level, the AI receives a definition and examples of the formality level it should leverage as part of its context. Once you are done conversing, you can log-out of the app and your chat history will be erased. 

This project was a lot of fun. I want to thank the CS50 team for providing this course content for free. I will continue working on this project to further refine it. There certainly is no such solution of immigrants coming to Germany so far.

